Coprocessor hook for connectors request/response stages (#8869)
apollographql/router: docs/source/routing/customization/coprocessor/index.mdx

  executionService --"<b>7</b>"--> subgraphService;
  subgraphService <-."<b>8.</b> Can send request<br/>details to coprocessor<br/>and receive modifications".-> coprocessing;
  subgraphService -- "<b>9</b>"--> subgraphs;
  executionService --"<b>7</b>"--> connectorService;
  connectorService <-."<b>8.</b> Can send request<br/>details to coprocessor<br/>and receive modifications".-> coprocessing;
  connectorService -- "<b>9</b>"--> restAPIs;

  class client,subgraphs,restAPIs,coprocessing secondary;
```

This diagram shows request execution proceeding "down" from a client, through the router, to individual subgraphs. Execution then proceeds back "up" to the client in the reverse order.

> As shown in the diagram above, the `RouterService`, `SupergraphService`, `ExecutionService`, `SubgraphService`, and `ConnectorRequestService` steps of the [request-handling lifecycle](/graphos/routing/customization/rhai/#router-request-lifecycle) can send these POST requests (also called **coprocessor requests**).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As shown in the diagram, the `RouterService`, `SupergraphService`, `ExecutionService`, `SubgraphService`, and `ConnectorRequestService` steps of the [request-handling lifecycle](/graphos/routing/customization/rhai/#router-request-lifecycle) can send these POST requests (also called "coprocessor requests").
```

If your coprocessor hooks into your router's `SubgraphService`, the router sends a separate coprocessor request _for each subgraph request in its query plan._ In other words, if your router needs to query three separate subgraphs to fully resolve a client operation, it sends three separate coprocessor requests. Each coprocessor request includes the [name](#servicename) and [URL](#uri) of the subgraph being queried.

### Multiple requests with `ConnectorRequestService`

> If your coprocessor hooks into your router's `ConnectorRequestService`, the router sends a separate coprocessor request _for each connector HTTP request._ If your router needs to make multiple REST API calls via [connectors](/graphos/schema-design/connectors/) to resolve a client operation, it sends a separate coprocessor request for each one. Each coprocessor request includes the connector source [name](#servicename) and the target [URL](#uri).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your coprocessor hooks into your router's `ConnectorRequestService`, the router sends a separate coprocessor request _for each connector HTTP request_. If your router makes multiple REST API calls via [connectors](/graphos/schema-design/connectors/) to resolve a client operation, it sends a separate coprocessor request for each call. Each coprocessor request includes the connector source [name](#servicename) and the target [URL](#uri).
```
